nothing is working properly. i had to restart the computer several times. in this, when i mark in and markout build error is coming, when im trying to register a new face. it doesnt  recognise, when i view attendance. the history of all the employees are coming. what are these. let me make it clear. this app should be applicable for everyone, but when i enter into this site, it should ask for employee name with password, and then that employee can mark in , markout, view attendance history of his logs, ,also, options like register new face,admin login , employee login, everything should be there, and these buttons shoiuld come vertically, means one markin, next below markot, next below register,.. like that. also, when i mark in when known_faces recognises the face, the green rectangle should come with name under that, and then mark the attednace in sheets, after markin, once the face is capturd, automatically cam should off, but a message like "SUCESSFULY MARKED IN " SUCESFULLY MARKED OUt" something like that should come... same goes for markout, and in the register face button, once i click that, it should capture a new face afterwards. in view attendance history, history of the logged in employee should come, not all thee employees, admin login mostly it is correct, that is admin can login using a set of credentials, after login, buttons like assign task, export all employees csv report , logout button, and view task status should be visible, ... in view task status there should be table of task status given to all the employees by th admin with employees name, task, status, date, also.. this data should also go in google sheets, by adding another table inside same sheet. so once i click assign task button, it shoudl ask for employeename, for that there should be something like choose employee which should give a dropdown of list of employees inside known_faces folder, also there should be  a task description box, and once once all these details are given, click assign task, and message like "task assigned succesfully." also, when admins credentials are given, for higher security, admins face also should be recognised, inside admin login, once credentials are given, it should match with faces inside folder, and then give access to what all are inside this admin login okay?and ... there should be another button in home page, that is employee login, once the employee logs in, with his credentials. he should be able to see the view my tasks button, where the tasks asssigned by the admin is seen, with deadline date, also there should be another button called submit task status, where there should be a dropdown like, in progress/completed, and once i click submit, a message should come saying "task status updated successfully". ... also for all things there should back buttton as well. also inside admin login, employee login and in the home page, there should be logout button as well. so guide me with this